okay this is the latest radius system
version have one out in heaven so now I
will have a full eight three desk
artistic one by one and this is the
apple ice tray discard the RTS marking
card from the off for ideas that say end
okay and it has been served America and
earlier instead okay
so books right yeah then how about this
DST okay the tea is to occur and memory
card is being yes
right looks
okay because I've bought this out for
its radius car the bosom five and this
is the latest motion and with the
neighbor changed okay oh also sorry I
need to get my memory card here is it
okay it's
yeah it works sir about this RTS mocking
almost ready s RTS marking office radius
yeah
books so this is therefore i TT artists
and new marking right
yes that's right
so since all these accounts will span
right and this is the Alpha I go Trask
okay
yeah books for this and this car is
recommended here
okay so buy this now for the dark or and
this is the latest version does the
marking t7 and Satine okay
and it's chips has been changed
okay Samir this channel do
yes books so thank it is a nasty one the
Alpha girl for okay and this is the
latest version made in the 2013 that is
not the old one that was made in the
2012 south its chips has been changed
okay and all of this car works for that
thing so and I I got this samples from
this Rover side and you yes ends with
your skirt yeah and it's the gas card
down cards maybe you can check the
master car and a basic current critical
check out so thanks for watching bye